{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red242\green242\blue242;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28\fsmilli14440 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A company operates a car pool of various vehicles that can be reserved (similar to UL). They decide to keep records of all cars reserved or currently booked out in a relational DB.\
Each car has a make, model, registration number, and number of seats. Each employee has a name, employee id and contact information (which might be a mobile or a fixed phone number or an email). Company policy says an employee may loan out a car for up to 7 days. If a car is taken out by several employees who all intend to drive the vehicle, they must all be logged in the database for insurance purposes. At any given time, we want to know which cars are out, and what reservations have been made. We also want to keep a log of past rentals.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 Your task:\ulnone \'a0Develop a complete UML data model (including cardinalities of relationships) for this scenario, draw the model with a tool of your choice, export the model to pdf or jpeg format, and upload that graphical file to Moodle.
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\
\
Remarks from professor M\'fcller : \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 What is Seats? No PK, no attribute?\
How can a reservation expire on several dates?\
contact info email AND phone number - where is it stored?\
}